---

title: My Cut Audit Report
author: QiteBlock
date: September 6, 2024

# My Cut Audit Report

Prepared by: QiteBlock
Lead Auditors:

- [QiteBlock]

Assisting Auditors:

- None

# Table of contents

<details>

<summary>See table</summary>

- [My Cut Audit Report](#my-cut-audit-report)
- [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
- [About QiteBlock](#about-qiteblock)
- [Disclaimer](#disclaimer)
- [Risk Classification](#risk-classification)
- [Audit Details](#audit-details)
  - [Scope](#scope)
- [Protocol Summary](#protocol-summary)
  - [Roles](#roles)
- [Executive Summary](#executive-summary)
  - [Issues found](#issues-found)
- [Findings](#findings)
  - [High](#high)
    - [\[H-1\] Usage of participants length instead of claimant length to calculate claimantCut in `closePot` function](#h-1-usage-of-participants-length-instead-of-claimant-length)
    </details>
    </br>

# About QiteBlock

I'm a blockchain developer with 5 years of experience, specializing in building secure and scalable blockchain solutions for large companies. My work emphasizes rigorous security practices, including smart contract audits, cryptographic integrity, and ensuring compliance with industry standards. I have a deep understanding of decentralized technologies and consistently focus on mitigating risks, safeguarding digital assets, and delivering solutions that stand up to intense security scrutiny.

# Disclaimer

QiteBlock makes all effort to find as many vulnerabilities in the code in the given time period, but holds no responsibilities for the findings provided in this document. A security audit by the team is not an endorsement of the underlying business or product. The audit was time-boxed and the review of the code was solely on the security aspects of the Solidity implementation of the contracts.

# Risk Classification

|            |        | Impact |        |     |
| ---------- | ------ | ------ | ------ | --- |
|            |        | High   | Medium | Low |
|            | High   | H      | H/M    | M   |
| Likelihood | Medium | H/M    | M      | M/L |
|            | Low    | M      | M/L    | L   |

# Audit Details

**The findings described in this document correspond the following commit hash:**

```
946231db0fe717039429a11706717be568d03b54
```

## Scope

```
#-- ContestManager.som
#-- Pot.sol
```

# Protocol Summary

MyCut is a contest rewards distribution protocol which allows the set up and management of multiple rewards distributions, allowing authorized claimants 90 days to claim before the manager takes a cut of the remaining pool and the remainder is distributed equally to those who claimed in time!

## Roles

- Owner/Admin (Trusted) - Is able to create new Pots, close old Pots when the claim period has elapsed and fund Pots
- User/Player - Can claim their cut of a Pot

# Executive Summary

## Issues found

| Severity | Number of issues found |
| -------- | ---------------------- |
| High     | 1                      |
| Medium   | 0                      |
| Low      | 0                      |
| Info     | 0                      |
| Gas      | 0                      |
| Total    | 0                      |

# Findings

## High

### [H-1] Usage of participants length instead of claimant length to calculate claimantCut in `closePot` function

**Description:** `Pot.sol` has two variables in the following order:

```javascript
    address[] private i_players;
    address[] private claimants;
```

When calling `closePot` function, to calculate the `claimantCut` it's using the `i_players.length`. However it's not all participants that will be claimants. So there will be miscalculation when trying to calculate the cut of claimant. In the documentation it's mentionned that when we close the pot, the manager will take 10% of remaining rewards and the remaining rewards will be distributed equaly to claimants.

```javascript
    uint256 claimantCut = (remainingRewards - managerCut) / i_players.length; // We are dividing by the i_players length
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < claimants.length; i++) {
        _transferReward(claimants[i], claimantCut);
    }
```

**Impact:** After upgrade, the `s_flashLoanFee` will have the value of `s_feePrecision`. This means that users who take out flash loans right after an upgrade will be charged the wrong fee. Additionally the `s_currentlyFlashLoaning` mapping will start on the wrong storage slot.

**Proof of Code:**

<details>
<summary>Code</summary>
Add the following code to the `TestMyCut.t.sol` file.

```javascript
function testCloseContestWithLessParticipantThanClaimant() public mintAndApproveTokens {
        vm.startPrank(user);
        contest = ContestManager(conMan).createContest(
            players,
            rewards,
            IERC20(ERC20Mock(weth)),
            4
        );
        ContestManager(conMan).fundContest(0);
        vm.stopPrank();

        vm.startPrank(player1);
        Pot(contest).claimCut();
        vm.stopPrank();

        vm.warp(91 days);

        vm.startPrank(user);
        ContestManager(conMan).closeContest(contest);
        totalContests = ContestManager(conMan).getContests();
        uint256 balanceOfReward = IERC20(ERC20Mock(weth)).balanceOf(
            totalContests[0]
        );
        assert(balanceOfReward != 0);
        vm.stopPrank();
    }
```

</details>
